{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
    <head>\
        <meta charset="utf-8">\
        <title>Project: Blog</title>\
        <style>\
            body\{\
                background-color: rgb(191, 189, 255);\
                font-family: monospace;\
                \
            \}\
            h1\{\
                background-color: rgb(111, 0, 255);\
                font-size: 33px;\
            \}\
            h4\{\
                color: rgb(16, 0, 240);\
                font-size: 25px;\
            \}\
            #motivation\{\
                font-style: italic;\
                background-color: rgb(40, 38, 173);\
            \}\
        </style>\
    </head>\
    <body>\
        \
        <h1>Kate's journey to learning Computer S.</h1>\
        <h3> (My first Blog!) </h3>\
        <h6>Posted on July 12, 2023.</h6>\
\
        <h3>Jump to:</h3>\
        <ul>\
            <li><a href = "#Introduction">Introduction</a></li>\
            <li><a href ="#Journey1">My journey </a> </li>\
            <li><a href ="#motivation"> My motivations</a></li>\
            <li><a href = "#journey2"> Journey cont. </a> </li>\
            <li><a href = "#keep-going"> I am not giving up! </a></li>\
            \
        </ul>\
        \
        <p id= "Introduction"> \
        <h4> Introduction: </h4>\
        My very first blog, And its about my journey to becoming a self thought programmer. Who would have thought! My name is Kate and here is a journal about my struggles and hopes of becoming a self thought computer scientist/programmer, Enjoy! \
        <p id= "Journey1">\
        <h4> My Journey: </h4>\
        I have been on this roller coaster for the past 2 years and 6 months now, and let me tell you, the fact that i'm able to use these markup languages (Html and css) to build what looks like an actual blog? it feels almost like a dream. You have no idea what constant trouble its been to just never really understanding anything you've been trying to learn for the past 2 years and 6 months. Yes, I know I haven't been consistent with it, but thats majorly because I always hit a road block. But being able to get here, in this moment, writing my very own blog? even if it will look basic asf to "pro's", i'm telling you, It feels surreal to me. \
       <p><a id = "motivation"> </a> \
       <h4> My Motivations: </h4>\
       My biggest motivation has to two things, My ex-boyfriend, and my family. My ex is a software engineer, have you ever had someone just simply not give up on you? and <strong> CONSTANTLY </strong> telling you you're capable of doing great things even if you don't know it yet? And now also imagine that the person is someone you look up to? I hit a goldmine I know!<br> As for my family, I draw motivation from them because I really want to give them a great life, and one of the few times I had felt a huge sense of satisfaction and pure bliss, was when I had given them something close to a "good life". <br>Now how do I do that consitently without loosing myself? its by getting a good job, a <strong> REALLY</strong> good job! And since i'm no degree holder or have a known fantastic talent, and computer science and technology seems to be the likely future, I want to be part of it, and I want to use it to give my family a good life, make myself proud, and make Sam not feel like he failed after his multiple efforts of not giving up on me.  \
       <p>I am nowhere close to my goal, and yes, I am taking perhaps too much time than ever recorded, but THIS right is progress, and you know what they say about little wins? celebrate them! and I sure as heck i'm celebrating them!</p>\
           \
        \
        <p id = "journey2"> <h4> My journey cont.: </h4> \
        I first started my Journey around the covid era. I was out of job, and was looking for a new career path that could actually give me the life I want. I had thought about going back to school, but I absolutely had no idea where to start from. I had also read about the "top paying jobs" for people with no degree, Computer Science related jobs kept showing up, I googled some and tried to see what I need to get a job like that, then I read about how you need to learn certain skills to become certified...of course! Anyway, I looked into and the courses could look easy at first, but a little further and my oh my, it looked like Magic! I guess it still does even now. \
         <p> About two months later, I met my ex online and we got talking about random stuffs, I told him about my conflicts and he suggested that if I ever decided to get in computer science, I could rely on his guidance... well, that was better than nothing I thought, and I agreed. He gave me a couple puzzles to solve and honestly, I probably only got 1 out of the three he gave me. <br> We proceeded regardless and he recommended a couple "beginner courses" to me, and well, lets just say... those typically look nothing like a course for beginners lol. </p> \
        <p id = "keep-going">\
        <h4> Angels and Demons: </h4>\
        I also was fighting it mentally. I didnt know if I wanted to be there, or if I belonged there, or if I even had it in me. Of course I still feel like a complete looser sometimes, like i'm just wasting my time and that I am going nowhere with this. But hey at least in this very moment, I am <strong> WRITING </strong> a blog! \
        <p>I do not have any answer yet. I know I still want to go to school and earn that degree, and I know I want to be part of the next phase of future technology and development in some way, and I know if I dont give up, someday I will be able to give my mom and siblings that life I always dreamed of giving them. I will be able to make myself proud, and I will be able to make my ex very proud of both of us.<br> And  because of these reasons, onward I match!</p>\
        \
        \
    </body>\
</html>}